hello, everyone.
I have a small tip for you all.
So the tip is very simple that if I have.
So now we are beginning with lots of dynamic programming problems.
And as you know, the we have strict time limits.
So I won't be coding all the problems in both the bottom up manner and the recursion plus memoization.
That is the top down right.
I won't be coding all the problems in both the ways.
Of course I will be coding all the problems, but but only in one of these ways.
Right, either I code it bottom up or I'll code it top down.
I just decide that whichever is the tough one I'll code it
But what I want you to do is if you want to get the best out of this course, what you can do is you
can simply try out the other, approach yourself and try to submit the problems online.
So basically what I'm saying is if I have done the memoisation + recursion, the I've coded it recursively,
then what you can do is you can try and code it in the bottom up manner right because in that way it's beneficial
for you only that you will realize that there are different ways to code the same problem.
Right.
And maybe that will help you get more familiar and more, you know, get some deep details of the problem
as i said
So.
Thank you, everyone.
All the best.